MOKSH SHAH
linkedin.com/in/mshah-17 | shahmoksh996@gmail.com | (916)598-6993 | www.shahmoksh.me | github.com/shmoksh

TECHNICAL SKILLS
Programming Languages: Python, Java, Go, TypeScript, React, GraphQL, Rust, Kotlin, Node.js
Frameworks | Databases: Django, Flask, Next.js, Tailwind CSS, PostgreSQL, MongoDB, Redis, EntQL
Related Skills: Git, Docker, Kubernetes, Jenkins, Azure, AWS (EC2, S3, Lambda, ElasticSearch), gRPC, REST API, Linux, GenAI
Relevant Coursework: Advanced Algorithms, Data Structures, Distributed Databases, Machine Learning, Intro to AI

WORK EXPERIENCE
Meta California, United States
Software Engineer June 2022 – Present
● Developed 0→1 scalable platform, automating workflows and saving 3000+ hr/yr by unifying cross-functional processes.
● Boosted decision speed by 40% with an Agentic AI for self-serve analytics, converting natural language to data visualizations.
● Led org-wide query optimization, cutting fatal errors and improved API latency by 8s to 200ms enhanced reliability at scale.
● Co-built a custom ETL framework (Airflow-like) to sync cross-platform data, powering 220+ pipelines with 99.9% uptime.
● Implemented automatic SEV detection, enhancing product reliability and reducing downtime proactive issue resolution.

Intel Corporation California, United States
Software Engineer Intern February 2021 – Dec 2021
● Devised a multi-processing application to execute software testing using APIs to improve execution time by approx. 40%.
● Coordinated with a team to restructure failure management logging systems to identify failures and create cluster groups.
● Worked with XFN teams to provide an automation framework to help testing scripts and capture system failure.
● Improved and automated CI/CD pipeline to perform regression testing and deploy packages, productivity increased by 35%.

Turabit Solution Pvt. Ltd. Ahmedabad, India
Software Engineer July 2018 – April 2019
● Built a conversational AI chatbot that automates IT services that reduce 80% of mundane tasks supported at various platforms.
● Improved integration efficiency by 40% supporting secure REST APIs for end-to-end cross-platform implementation.
● Integrated "pay as you go" service using stripe payment gateway in a web app that creates customizable chatbots in 5 mins.
● Discussed with teams to redesign database architecture including backup/recovery, data storage and security.

ConceptServe Technologies Ahmedabad, India
Software Engineer Intern January 2018 – July 2018
● Built a scalable MVC-based social media app with CRUD for posts, comments, and groups to accelerate feature delivery.
● Integrated OTP-based 2FA with email verification to enhance account security and prevent unauthorized access.

PROJECTS
Stock Market WebApp February 2021 – April 2021
● Developed RESTful APIs with 8,000+ companies' stock data, restructured and stored in Amazon DynamoDB for low latency.
● Enabled secure, authorized access by implementing API key authentication and query rate limiting per user per API.
● Built a web app to run multiple API calls and visualize stock performance with real-time interactive candlestick charts.

Network Intrusion Detection October 2020 – November 2020
● Implemented predictive binary classification models(LR, KNN, SVM, NN) to distinguish between good and bad connections.
● Applied one-hot encoding on categorical features to balance out the train and test dataset to eliminate inconsistent values.
● Illustrated correlation analysis chart to remove highly correlated features to avoid overfitting the model by limiting value to 0.9.

House Price Estimation September 2020– October 2020
● Built an end-to-end predictive model that forecasted housing prices, enabling data-driven decisions for property valuation.
● Achieved 92% R² score by applying feature scaling, one-hot encoding, and cross-validation for robust model performance.

EDUCATION
California State University - Sacramento, MS Computer Science January 2020 – May 2022
Gujarat Technical University, India, BS Computer Engineering August 2014 – July 2018

CERTIFICATION
JPMorgan Virtual Experience Program Participant successfully completed all 3 tasks. July 2020 